[dynamic orchestral music]
[suspenseful orchestral music]
-[whispered chanting]
-[ominous ambient music]
-[flesh sizzling]
-[aubrey screaming]
[soft contemplative music]
Morning.
Are you excited about
your first day of college?
No, mom, I am not excited.
I should be off at
college like my friends.
I'm sorry your father
didn't come through
With his half of the tuition.
I would've gotten a smaller
house if I had known.
Next semester, you'll
be wherever you want.
I promise.
I have a couple
potential clients
Who seem interested in my
company's new migraine medicine.
I just need to land one of them.
I hope so!
Because living with my
mommy while I start college
Is not exactly
what I had in mind.
[coffee pouring]
Thanks for the donuts.
I have work after class
today, so I'll be home late.
[aubrey] hi, uncle jason.
Hold up.
Love the skirt.
I'm sure you do.
You bought it for me.
I have good taste.
You look ready to
conquer your first day.
-Thanks, uncle jason.
-[jason chuckles]
Don't forget, it's
"dr. Fountain"
When you see him on campus.
That's gonna be weird.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Dr. Fountain.
Maybe.
You need to stop worrying.
She's gonna be fine.
You got coffee, right?
Well, I just wish I
had enough money
To let her go off to college.
Aubrey isn't gonna have
any trouble making friends.
Everyone loves her.
How about I check in
with her this afternoon?
Thank you.
I'm so glad my new job
brought us closer to you.
-[tender music]
-me too.
-[soft contemplative music]
-[people chattering]
-Hey.
-Thanks for meeting me.
Sure.
How's your first day going?
Pretty boring.
All we did in my first
class was read the syllabus,
So that's fun.
And now, I have to go to work,
So who needs fun or friends?
Oh, come on, you'll
make friends.
You always do.
Thanks.
Okay, work time.
Can you do me a favor?
Sure.
Can you tell your mom something
good that happened today?
She's going through a lot too,
And I know it would
make her feel better.
Okay, I'll try to
think of something.
You know,
You can always tell her how
good it is to see me on campus.
Nah, I'll think of
something better than that.
I changed your diapers.
Ew.
[soft contemplative music]
Ooh, hey, gamma's having
a mixer this Friday.
Okay.
Oh, hey, hey.
Oh, hi.
Sorry, I was trying
to get your attention.
Oh, that's okay.
What's up?
You must be a freshman.
I haven't seen you on campus.
Yeah, yeah actually.
Today's my first day.
Have any of the
sororities talked to you?
Great, I'm glad I
got to you first.
So, the gammas are having
a mixer this Friday.
We'd love to have you.
[ominous music]
I don't know if a sorority
Is in the budget for
me this semester.
That's too bad.
Sorry.
Gamma's having a
mixer this Friday.
[camera shutter]
[text whooshing]
Hey, gamma mixer this Friday.
There's another one.
[camera shutter]
[traffic noises]
Hi.
Yeah, I'm at the bookstore,
Checking out the
first girl now.
I think you'll approve.
[books clattering]
Thanks.
No problem.
Anything I can help you find?
Oh, I was just browsing.
Do you have any recommendations?
Do you like arthur long?
He's my favorite author.
Oh, mine too.
Really?
Well, his new book
just came out.
I can show you.
It's with the new releases.
You look familiar.
Do you go to sdu?
Maybe I've seen
you around campus.
Oh, I doubt it.
I just started today.
I'm sure I've seen you.
I'll figure it out.
I'm carter, by the way.
Hi, carter.
I'm aubrey.
I've got it.
Were you speaking one of
those sorority girls earlier?
Maybe for like a few
minutes after class.
I bet that's it.
Are you gonna rush?
I'm thinking about it.
Have you considered
greek life alternatives?
What do you mean?
I'm a part of this great group.
We're almost like a
sorority, only better.
We aren't affiliated
with the school,
So we don't have
any of the rules.
And we're free.
Really, you're free?
Totally.
Not that that matters to you,
But we're smaller than
a normal sorority,
Which is great.
We're more like a family.
Some of the girls
are gonna come over
To my apartment tomorrow
night if you're interested.
I'd love for you to
meet the other members.
They're like my sisters.
That sounds really awesome.
I have to work tomorrow night.
I'm closing.
Mm, come after closing.
You're not in high
school anymore.
You're welcome to
bring your roommate.
Which dorm are you in?
Oh, I live off campus alone.
[soft contemplative music]
Oh, a smile.
I haven't seen one
of those in a while.
Guess your day was
better than expected.
I guess it was.
So tell me about it.
Well, classes were boring,
But I do think I made a friend.
That's great.
I mean, I'm not surprised.
Is your new friend in
one of your classes?
No, but she goes to southern.
I met her at the bookstore
and she invited me to hang out
With some of her
friends tomorrow night.
Don't you have work?
Yeah, I'll go after.
I'm in college now.
I know,
And that's why I
want to remind you
That you're still under age.
Okay, we've talked about
this a million times.
I know I sound like a
broken record, but I just--
No, no, no.
You promised that if I
agreed to move in with you
To save money,
You'd give me the freedom to
be a real college student.
You're right, you're right.
I know I'm right,
I know I'm right.
-Love you.
-Aww.
Did carter pick from
the girls we sent her?
Mm-hmm, two of them.
She invited them
here tomorrow night,
So she wants
everybody to be here.
Ooh, I'll send a message
to the group chat.
Perfect.
Hopefully he'll be pleased.
-[soft contemplative music]
-[people chattering]
Aubrey.
You're aubrey, right?
Yeah.
I'm luke.
I was just in your
biology class with you.
I remember your name
'cause you answered that
question on gene therapy.
Even the professor was
impressed with that one.
Thanks.
Anyway, I'm pre-med
And could really use
a good study partner.
Oh, I don't know.
I have a lot on my plate
right now with work and school
And I don't know if
it's the best time.
If you're that busy,
Wouldn't it be easier to
have somebody to study with?
Maybe.
I have to go, but...
Give me your number
and I'll think about it.
I bet I can turn that
maybe into a yes.
We'll see.
[phone beeping]
[faint dance music]
[aubrey] you okay?
Not really.
I'm not the best at
meeting new people.
Me neither.
It makes me so nervous too.
I'm aubrey.
I'm elle.
I didn't know you
two knew each other.
Have we met?
Oh, I'm sable.
I'm carter's roommate and
a member of the kinship.
The kinship?
Mm-hmm, that's what
we call our group.
We're like a family.
We help each other
with self-development.
Everyone feels loved
While we grow into the
best versions of ourselves.
Come on, come inside.
[upbeat pop music]
-Your apartment is amazing.
-Thanks.
Cell phones, please.
What?
Oh, we have a policy of
putting away our cell phones
When we're all together.
Like a real family.
You sound like my mom
at the dinner table.
Smart lady.
No, it's just we don't
want any distractions
When we're all together.
We want our main focus
to be on empowerment.
Yeah, cool.
Sounds good to me.
It's house rules.
Elle.
Wow.
I haven't seen one
of these in a while.
Okay, aubrey and elle,
I'd like to introduce you
to izzie, kate, and diana.
Welcome, ladies.
First things first,
we're taking some shots.
This is for you.
Cheers to you two.
[glasses clinking]
That wasn't so bad now, was it?
-You okay?
-Hey, what's up?
Yeah, I'm good.
Sable says you're a freshman.
Yup, I am.
You're lucky.
I didn't find the kinship
until I was a sophomore.
And joining was the best
decision you've ever made.
It's true.
We empower each other to
be the best that we can be.
I'd do anything for
any of these women
And they'd do the same for me.
It's unlike anything
I've ever been a part of.
Sounds really awesome.
-Cheers.
Cheers.
So tell me, how's the new job?
My boss stopped by
my office today,
Said he's very impressed
With how well I'm
connecting with our clients.
Well, that's great.
I'm excited.
He said if I land either
one of the clients
I'm working on now,
I will be the company's new
sales director in no time.
Look at you,
director charlotte.
I hope that it works out.
We really need the money.
I already told you
You need to stop
worrying about aubrey.
She's gonna be fine.
You know, it might be easier
If you just thought of the
two of you as roommates.
No. No thank you.
I divorced my last
roommate five years ago.
Remember?
Oh yeah.
Best decision you ever made.
I will drink to that.
-Salud.
-Mm.
♪ you'll see my
face in the crowd ♪
♪ without a flinch
or a doubt ♪
♪ I've had enough so you can
chew me up and spit me out ♪
♪ I'll take a shot
to the mouth ♪
♪ clean all my teeth
off the ground ♪
♪ I've had enough so you can
chew me up and spit me out ♪
[intense rock music]
♪ chew me ♪
In the kinship,
We believe that
sharing our truth
With the people we
trust empowers us.
Kate, would you share
your truth with us?
My childhood was tough.
I grew up in foster care
And I hopped around
a lot as a child.
I never really had a family
Until I met you
guys, this group.
The kinship is my family now.
Thank you.
Elle, drink from the chalice
and share your truth.
My family moved around
a lot for my dad's job.
Four years at southern u will
actually be a record for me.
I've never stayed in
one place long enough
To feel like I belong.
Look, in the past,
I've made some mistakes
trying to fit in,
But I'm clean now.
Thank you for your
honesty, elle.
The kinship will always be
a place where you belong.
Aubrey, would you
drink from the chalice
And share your truth?
I'm not really
sure what to share.
There's something.
I can tell.
Well, I've never
told anybody before.
This is a really safe
place for you to share.
So in the past,
I never really felt any
spark, or butterflies,
Or really anything
with any guy I've met
Until last year.
I met someone
And I thought that we were
gonna have this epic love story,
But he was my teacher,
And he already had his love
story with his wife, so.
I'm really sorry.
Hey, you have nothing
to worry about.
This will always be
a safe place for you.
Thank you for sharing
your truth, aubrey.
[knocking on door]
Aubrey?
Sweetheart, you need to get up.
Aubrey, wake up.
Aubrey, you have class
in less than an hour.
-Aubrey, aubrey?
-What?
Don't you have class at
eight o'clock this morning?
What time is it?
7:15, you better hurry.
Did you have fun last night?
-Hm?
-With your friends?
Yeah.
Good.
[soft contemplative music]
I thought that was you.
Luke, what are you doing here?
Same thing you are.
Plus, the bookstore
suggested I come here
To get one of the books I need.
Guess they didn't
order enough copies.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I just have
a little headache.
I can help you find
the book you need.
Wow, that's nice of you.
Don't think anything of it.
I work here.
This is convenient.
I was gonna call you later
To see if you wanna
grab some coffee.
Since we're technically
having coffee,
I'm gonna consider
this our first date.
Ha, no, this is
definitely not a date.
Did you find everything
you're looking for?
I think so.
Do you have time for coffee
with me again tomorrow,
You know, for our second date?
My boss is watching.
I'm a customer.
Seriously, I can't
afford to lose this job.
Gotcha.
Coffee tomorrow, same time.
Yes, if you go now.
Second date?
Thank you again for
helping me today.
Excellent customer service.
How can I help you?
Mom, what are you doing here?
Is that any way
to greet your mom?
Come here.
-Aubrey?
-Mom, I'm working.
I know.
I was hoping maybe I
could take you to lunch.
Well, my boss is
at lunch right now,
But I guess I could meet
you in like 30 minutes
At the coffee shop
down the street.
Perfect.
Carter.
Hey, I wasn't expecting you.
I was getting a coffee.
I thought I'd say hi.
Am I interrupting something?
No, no, no, no.
I'm carter.
It's nice to meet you, carter.
I'm charlotte, aubrey's mom.
It's so nice to meet you.
Are you in town visiting?
She lives like 30 minutes away.
She's just here on
a business trip.
Mom works for a
pharmaceutical company.
Yeah, that's right.
I was just leaving
some migraine medicine
For a client here in town
And I thought I'd see if aubrey
wanted to grab some lunch.
That's nice.
-Mom?
-Hmm?
I'll see you in 30 minutes.
I guess that is my cue to leave.
It was lovely
meeting you, carter.
Nice to meet you
too, ms. Stanton.
I didn't realize you and
your mom were so close.
Yeah, a little too
close for me sometimes.
I thought when I got to
college, it would get better,
But now she follows
me to work, so.
My mom was that way.
Really?
Yeah.
It was a drag until I
went off to college.
Hopefully, it will be better now
That you two don't
live together.
Well, I'll let you
get back to work
So you don't miss
lunch with your mom.
Thanks.
[soft contemplative music]
[sable] it's just
lunch with her mom.
I hope that's all it is.
I need you to follow aubrey.
Something's off.
I don't think she's being
completely honest with us.
Hey, I'm pretty sure aubrey
lives at home with her mom.
Yeah, I'll text you the address.
Come now because
her mom just left.
Okay.
[knocking on door]
Just a minute.
What do I owe you?
Carter?
I thought you were my pizza.
No, sorry.
No pizza, though
that does sound good.
Why'd you lie to me
about where you live?
Well, I didn't want anyone
knowing I live with my mom.
How'd you find me?
We don't lie in the kinship.
I thought we made
it perfectly clear
That we're like a family.
We value truth.
I know you did.
I just...
Well, I started the lie
And then I didn't really
know how to get out of it.
I'll understand if you don't
want me to join anymore.
It's been a really different
experience than I thought
For my first year of college.
Well, maybe we can keep this
just between you and me.
Like I told you before,
My mom's kind of like yours
And maybe I would've
done the same thing
If I were in your place.
Really?
Yeah.
Maybe I can help you
so you're not lying.
How?
Move out and move in with us.
I would,
But my mom's not gonna
give me any money for rent.
Who said anything
about money or rent?
You can live with me for free.
Really?
I could probably pay
for utilities and stuff.
Ugh, we'll figure it out.
Okay.
Thank you.
Speaking from experience,
College is way more fun
without a mom hovering.
[phone beeping]
Are those your old friends?
You don't need to
feel left behind.
Smile.
Miss you too, and send.
They're not the only ones making
new friends and having fun.
You're right.
Of course I am.
Oh,
Nice place.
Thanks.
We just moved in,
So there's still a lot
of unpacking to do.
Oh.
Well, maybe you wont
have to unpack after all.
Oh, aubrey didn't mention
You were joining us
for dinner tonight.
Oh, I'm not.
Aubrey just invited me
over to see the new place.
She did?
-[knocking on door]
-oh.
That must be your pizza.
It was so nice to see
you again, ms. Stanton.
Well, you're more than
welcome to join us.
Thanks, but I have plans.
Think about my offer.
I will.
Okay.
Call me later.
Hi.
[charlotte] do you
want another piece?
Oh no, I'm stuffed.
So, what did carter
offer you earlier?
She actually offered
me to move in with her.
What?
Completely rent free.
Aubrey, you just met her.
So?
Living with new
people isn't easy.
Did you even think this through?
Yes, I've thought it through.
I knew you were gonna say this
And that's why I didn't
even bring it up.
I just don't think it's
a good idea, aubrey.
Of course you don't.
Did you tell your mom
you're moving out?
I told her you offered,
But she's not happy
about the idea.
What's she gonna do, ground you?
Very funny.
She's not that bad.
If you want to be a
part of the kinship,
Then we need to rethink
your living situation.
We don't want a mom hovering.
I know, it's just--
You're 18.
She can't stop you.
You're right.
I'll get my stuff
after work tomorrow.
I was early, so
I got our drinks.
Chai latte?
How'd you know
that's my favorite?
It's what you were
drinking yesterday.
You remember, on our first date?
Oh, yeah.
Actually, I take it back.
I think that's not nice.
That's creepy.
Come on, I got you a cookie.
That's gotta be nice.
You're right, the
cookie is nice.
Second date and we're
already sharing food?
Might be moving a
little fast for me.
[carter] I thought you said
she wasn't dating anyone.
[sable] that's
what she told me.
Get elle, bring her
to the apartment.
We'll deal with this
situation later.
Is the drink okay, or?
Sorry, what?
You never mentioned
a revenge task.
Don't you want to be a
member of the kinship?
I do, I think.
I can't sleep with a professor.
Of course you can.
Why do you want me to do that?
Because dr. Arthur failed
sable last semester.
Mm-hmm.
I almost got kicked out
of school because of him.
Listen, it'll be worth it.
Once you sleep with dr.
Arthur, you'll be one of us.
What about aubrey?
Does she have a revenge test?
Of course.
Everyone does.
Don't you worry about aubrey.
We have something
special planned for her.
You better hurry.
You don't wanna keep
dr. Arthur waiting
When he was so nice enough to
stay late to meet with you.
I need a second.
Sable will be watching.
Don't disappoint us.
I don't think elle might
be a fit for the kinship.
But she already knows too much.
We could shut her
up if we need to.
[ominous ambient music]
I'm meeting with a student
before I can leave.
I know.
Tell lucy I promise
I'll teach her
How to make grandma's chocolate
chip cookies tomorrow.
Thanks.
I love you too.
Wait.
Are you elle?
[intense orchestral music]
[knocking on door]
Is aubrey here?
No, are you okay?
Warn her, tell her to stay
away from the kinship.
The kinship?
Is someone trying to
hurt you or aubrey?
Tell her to stay away!
Wait!
[ominous ambient music]
[phone vibrating]
What now?
I'm busy.
I need to talk to you.
You always need to talk to me.
It's important.
I need you to come home as
soon as you get off of work.
Yeah, okay, whatever.
Thanks for coming with me.
Is your mom asleep?
I don't think so.
She was really
upset on the phone, so...
Maybe it's best
if you stay here.
You're right, I'm not asleep.
I thought you'd be alone,
But maybe carter can help
explain what's going on.
I'm always happy to help.
What?
What's going on, mom?
I had a disturbing visit
from a friend of yours.
Who?
She didn't say,
she was too upset.
She said she was
a friend of mine?
I assume she was a friend
Because she came to warn
you about the kinship.
What's the kinship?
I don't--
Aubrey, don't you remember
When I warned you
about the kinship?
Oh yeah, right.
I knew it sounded familiar.
Did one of the
members approach you?
I don't know.
What do you mean,
you don't know?
Well, that group is very
secretive, ms. Stanton.
It's possible that aubrey
spoke with one of the members
And didn't even know.
You seem very
familiar with them.
Well, there's a lot
of rumors about them.
They're very popular on campus.
Well, whoever they are,
They terrified that poor girl.
Don't worry about aubrey.
I'll keep her safe.
Carter, if you don't
mind, it is very late.
I would like to speak
to aubrey on my own now.
Actually, mom,
I'm gonna go get my stuff, okay?
I'm gonna stay with
carter for a while.
Excuse me?
Do you want to help me pack?
Yeah.
[ominous ambient music]
You did great standing
up to your mom.
Yeah, it felt good.
I'm just gonna get a few
things and we are out of here.
Do you think you could do a
favor for me before we go?
I can try.
The other day, your mom said
That she had some samples
of migraine medications.
Yeah, I remember.
I saw a stack of them
by her briefcase.
Do you think you could
grab a couple for me?
Sable has migraines and she
can't afford the medicine.
You said you wanted
to contribute,
So this would be the way.
Isn't that illegal?
How?
Your mom's not a doctor.
She gives them out all the time.
I could go grab them
if you'd rather.
No, no, I'll do it.
I don't want my mom to see
you like snooping around, so.
Grab a few while you're at it.
[phone ringing]
Do you have eyes on elle?
Meet me at the apartment.
I'll have what you need.
[contemplative ambient music]
[aubrey] what are you doing?
Taking a picture so you
can see how happy you look.
Okay, I've seen it.
Now, delete it.
This has to stay between us.
There.
Thank you.
I'll give these to
sable for her migraine.
Okay, come on, let's
get outta here.
[ominous ambient music]
I'm sorry carter
scared you so bad.
No one really expected
you to sleep with him.
It seemed pretty real to me.
[knocking on door]
It's probably sable.
She said she wanted to stop
by and apologize to you too.
I brought shots to celebrate.
What?
I'll pour while you apologize.
I didn't know you
would get so upset,
But at least you're done
with your initiation now.
[elle] what are you saying?
Well, you're one of us now.
No, no, never.
I mean, just think about it.
I don't know, I don't want.
I already poured these to
toast to your initiation.
We wouldn't want to waste them.
Come on.
To elle, may you never be
scared by the kinship again.
[glasses clinking]
Don't worry.
Nothing will ever
scare you again.
[ominous ambient music]
Okay.
Get my bag, leave the drugs.
He'll be here soon.
Let's go.
[ominous ambient music]
You did it, you cut the cord!
How's it feel?
It feels good.
I can't stop thinking though
About who came to
my house earlier.
Did carter tell you about that?
Mm-hmm.
It really freaked my mom out.
It was probably just elle.
Yeah, but why would elle
Want to warn me
about the kinship?
She got kind of upset
Because we asked her to do
a little initiation task.
Initiation task, what's that?
Well, everyone has to do a task
Before they're initiated
into the kinship.
Do I have to do one?
Everyone does.
It's too bad elle
didn't do hers.
I thought she wanted
a place to belong.
Wait, she's out of the kinship?
Well, it's not
entirely up to me,
But her actions have
proven she isn't loyal.
We have to be able to
count on each other.
What was she supposed to do?
Enough about elle.
Tonight is about
celebrating your freedom.
[ominous ambient music]
[jason] that girl who stopped
by really has you worried.
You should have seen
her, she was terrified.
What did aubrey say when
you told her about it?
Not much.
Carter took over, said
it was probably a prank.
Could it have been?
No, no, there is no way.
That girl was
genuinely terrified.
Carter had the nerve to
tell me not to worry,
That she would take
care of aubrey.
No, no, no, I have
class tomorrow, I can't.
Of course you do.
We all do.
This is college.
[knocking on door]
-[faint chattering]
-[suspenseful music]
Are you looking at pictures
of your old friends again?
Oh, caught me.
What'd the police say?
They weren't any help.
Aubrey's 18, she's an adult.
What'd they say about the
girl that stopped by earlier?
They said they'll let me know
If they need anything
else from me.
That's it?
Aubrey.
I can't keep doing
this with you, okay?
I don't know who came
over to the house--
That's not why I'm here.
Sit.
I almost lost my job today.
What?
I realized there
were samples missing.
Do you know anything about it?
Does that sound like
something I would do?
No, but nothing you're
doing these days
Sounds like you, aubrey.
I had to report it.
Report it?
My clients expect a
certain amount of samples.
I had to report it to get more.
Aubrey, I am new.
I could have gotten
into a lot of trouble.
Could carter have done it?
She was at the house.
Aubrey, are you sure
you don't know anything?
Mom, you sound ridiculous, okay?
I've never done anything
like that before
And I wouldn't
start doing it now.
So I think it's
best for both of us
If you give me some space.
Aubrey!
[dramatic orchestral music]
It's like, she suffocates me.
She did it all
throughout high school
And she's doing it now.
And please, give me some space.
And she just, she shows up
at my job every single day,
But I do think she's gonna
get me some space now.
Well, that's good news.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way,
There's one thing
carter forgot to mention
Before you moved in.
We don't really like for
you to bring guys here.
We like the apartment to
be more of a safe space
For kinship members to hang out.
Yeah, no worries.
I do not have a boyfriend.
Really?
So you're not seeing anyone?
Oh no.
I have a study buddy for
biology, but no boyfriend.
Hmm.
But you like him, I can tell.
We just met.
What's your study buddy's name?
His name is luke, but
seriously, do not worry.
I will not be
bringing him here.
I'm gonna go change.
[phone line ringing]
Hey, she was with
her mom again.
I don't think we can trust her.
Okay.
[phone beeping]
What's the emergency?
Well, I was texting aubrey's mom
And the text won't delete.
I'm surprised she
hasn't caught on yet.
I'm careful.
But today, they won't delete.
Help me before she wakes up.
She's still asleep?
Yeah.
I gave her some sleeping
pills last night.
Have you checked on her?
She's fine.
Quit worrying.
You're as bad as her mother.
Start deleting.
Here.
I'm fine, mom, now that
I'm staying with carter.
I'll come see you in a few days.
I asked you to delete
them, not read them.
Okay, done.
Why are you doing all this?
It's fun.
I text aubrey's mom
And then I delete the
messages and block her again.
That way, I have
complete control.
I thought you were
gonna sleep all day.
I can't find my phone.
Well, you left
it in here again.
It's almost 1:00.
What?
I slept through all my classes.
It doesn't matter.
Your schedule is
gonna change tomorrow.
What?
This isn't mine.
I can't take art classes.
I need biology.
I'm gonna go to med school.
You're welcome.
We're all art majors.
Who? Who's we?
The kinship.
I made sure there was a member
in each of your classes.
Did your mom reach out to you?
Mm, that's great.
She's just giving you
the space you need.
I guess.
Okay, I have to
go take a shower.
One last thing.
Do you have plans tonight?
I don't think so.
It's time for the initiation.
That is, after you complete
the initiation task.
Yeah, what?
What is that?
Go shower.
You'll see.
Sometimes, she's just like
a lost little puppy dog.
It's a good thing we found her.
Thank you.
Pick a hand.
Both.
Coffee and bio notes
you missed today.
Are you okay?
Oh yeah.
I'm fine.
Thank you.
I took a shot you
might be working
When you didn't
respond to my text.
What?
I haven't missed
any text from you.
Yeah, I don't have anything.
That's weird.
Can I see?
You blocked me?
What?
No, no, I didn't
do it on purpose.
I don't even know
how to do that.
You want me to fix it?
Yes, please.
You want to grab dinner later?
I do, I have plans tonight.
No worries.
I'll text you later unless
you plan on blocking me again.
[sable] he's persistent.
I know.
I don't like persistent.
Wait here.
Luke.
You're luke, right?
I'm carter, aubrey's roommate.
Roommate?
I thought she lived at home.
No, she's been living
with me for a while now.
I saw you leaving the bookstore
And I was wondering
if aubrey invited you
To george's tavern
tomorrow night.
No?
A bunch of us are going.
You should come.
Come around 9:00, surprise her.
She'll love it.
Maybe I will.
Thank you.
-[upbeat pop punk music]
-[people chattering]
I got you a present.
[aubrey] is this a fake id?
Just a perk of the kinship.
This skirt is too short.
You look great.
I don't how anyone
wears skirts this short.
You see that dark
haired guy at the bar?
That's my ex.
We dated for almost two
months and then he ghosted me.
Okay, so what am
I supposed to do?
Hook up with him tonight
and then ghost him.
I think that's fair.
[laughing]
You mean like, hook up with him?
I could send this
picture to your mom.
You said you deleted that.
I deleted one copy.
After you finish
this, I'll delete it.
You know what you should do?
Hook up with him.
Then, you can take a selfie
and send it to carter.
You know I love my pictures.
How am I supposed to
get him to do that?
Have you seen how good
you look in this skirt?
He will definitely want
what you've got going on.
I think your mom
would like this video.
What do you think?
That's a good one.
Oh, okay, okay, if I do that,
Those pictures and
videos get deleted
And you leave my mom alone?
Of course. Why wouldn't I?
Once you finish this,
You'll be a member
of the kinship.
-[upbeat pop music]
-[people chattering]
Hi.
You wanna buy me a drink?
I'd love to.
I'll leave her mom
alone, for now.
What are you drinking?
-Whatever you're having.
-Perfect.
What's your name?
-Aubrey.
-Zach.
-Zach?
-Yeah.
-Nice to meet you.
Persistent and punctual.
So, do you come here much?
This is like my little spot.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't realize aubrey
Was meeting someone
else here tonight.
It's no big deal.
It's not like we're dating.
-Yeah.
-Do you go to school here?
Yeah.
To tell you the truth,
you're dodging a bullet.
Aubrey's not as nice
as you might think.
-[upbeat pop music]
-[people chattering]
You know, I have to admit.
I was a little surprised
when you approached me.
Why's that?
You're with carter.
I assume you know she's my ex.
I know.
Wait, are these what
I think they are?
Oh yeah.
Wow, that was really fast.
Aren't you a bad girl?
You have no idea
how bad I can be.
Why don't we send
carter a little picture?
Okay.
[camera shutter]
What?
I don't think I can do this.
What do you mean?
Trust me though,
you're better off.
Aubrey.
What are you doing here?
You finished your task.
It's initiation time.
Come on, get in.
What are you doing?
What are you guys doing?
What's going on?
We're making you
an official member.
What?
Ow.
What do you do?
What?
We've all done it.
It doesn't hurt that bad.
Wait, wait, wait, no, no, no.
I don't want to do it,
I don't want to do it.
Carter, oh, no, no, no.
It bonds us forever.
No, no, no, I don't
want to do it, okay?
No, I don't want to
be a part of this.
I don't want to
I don't want to do it.
-[flesh sizzling]
-[aubrey screaming]
[aubrey weeping]
[people chattering]
-Dr. Bradley?
-Yes.
Hi, I was trying to
meet my daughter,
Aubrey stanton, after class.
Did I miss her?
Aubrey dropped my
class a few weeks ago.
Why?
You'll have to ask her.
The only thing the
university does
Is send me the add
drop notifications.
I don't understand.
Yeah, you must be looking
at an old schedule.
I really wish she
would've called me
Or talked to me before
she dropped out.
I'm so sorry.
I mean, she had
tremendous potential.
What was she thinking?
She's premed.
It doesn't seem like her.
When's the last time
you were alone with her?
It's been a while.
What about when you call?
Carter's always with her
and she never answers calls,
Only responds to
texts sporadically.
I do not like how much control
She's given this carter girl.
I know.
There's someone I think
you should talk to,
A professor at the university
And he specializes in
brainwashing and cults.
Oh my god.
You think aubrey's in a cult?
I didn't say that,
But she's definitely
changed a lot.
Can we wait and see
what happens tomorrow?
You're hoping she'll show
up for your birthday?
We always have pizza and
watch movies together.
I remember those days.
[people chattering]
Boyfriend.
Oh, yeah.
[camera shutter]
Send it to carter.
Oh.
Let's go.
-Hey!
-Hi.
-Hey.
-I'm sable.
-Oh, hi, I'm christina.
Nice to meet you.
Are you new to this school?
Oh yeah, I transferred--
Hey, what's wrong with you?
It's my mom's birthday.
I texted her but she
didn't respond, so.
Well, you asked her
to give you space
And she's giving it to you.
That's a good thing.
I guess,
But I don't want her to be
on her own on her birthday.
I think I should go over there.
Maybe I'll bring some pizza.
We have this tradition
where we get pizza.
You know what?
I went through the
same exact thing.
I missed my mom when
I first moved out,
But then I realized how
great the freedom is.
Yeah.
I know you're right,
but I don't know.
Hey, we can order
pizza if you want.
Want to?
Sure.
-She didn't show up?
-No.
She sent a happy birthday text
And when I asked her
how she was doing,
She didn't respond.
At least she texted and
remembered your birthday.
I guess I shouldn't
have bothered.
We need to celebrate.
You got wine?
[laughing]
Thank you for staying
and helping me celebrate.
Of course.
I'm sorry you didn't
get to have dinner
With austin tonight.
Oh, don't even worry about that.
Austin didn't want you to be
alone on your birthday either.
I need to find a
good man like that.
Don't we all?
[laughing]
You know, I think it's time
We talk to that
professor you mentioned.
I don't know what else to do.
Maybe he can help.
Yeah.
How about we try to catch him
Before his first
class in the morning?
Okay.
Better save this for aubrey.
[announcer] the body of
southern district university
Freshman elle mason was
discovered by campers
Last night in the wooded area.
The 20-year-old
college student--
Jason?!
That's the girl that came to
warn aubrey about the kinship.
[jason] are you sure that's her?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I would never forget her.
[newscaster on tv] when
officers arrived,
The body of elle mason was
discovered in a wooded area
And police cordoned off--
I should have done more.
It's not your fault.
[knocking on door]
Dr. Fountain, please come in.
Professor byer.
-Good to see you.
-Good morning.
This is my sister,
charlotte stanton.
Our daughter's a freshman
here at the campus.
Nice to meet you, ms. Stanton.
Please have a seat.
-Thank you.
-Pleasure.
I've got 15 minutes
before my first class.
What can I do for the
two of you this morning?
Jason tells me
you research cults
And cult behaviors
like brainwashing.
I do.
My father, he was
obsessed with cults,
And after he died, I
found all his research.
I guess you can say that my
interest in cults is hereditary.
I'm concerned about my
daughter's new friends.
They seem to have
taken over her life.
Can you explain more to me?
I've barely seen my
daughter in weeks.
It's like she can't
even think for herself.
She's so smart, I don't
know how this happened.
Have you tried
getting her alone?
Many, many times.
I even talked to the police.
They promised to do a
welfare check today.
We're specifically
concerned about a group
Called the kinship.
Have you ever heard of them?
We think they're here on campus.
I'm not familiar
with the kinship.
Are they the ones
That you think are
controlling your daughter?
I also think they might be
related to elle mason's death.
That's quite an accusation.
I've heard a rumor
That elle mason had a
pretty serious drug problem.
All I know is that she showed
up to my house hysterical,
Trying to warn aubrey
about the kinship.
Who's aubrey?
Aubrey, aubrey's my daughter.
I just, I feel like she risked
a lot trying to warn her.
Well, I'd be happy to help.
I can ask any one of my students
And see if they've
heard about the kinship.
That would be great.
Here's a list of articles
on modern day cults.
I find them fascinating.
[suspenseful ambient music]
Ms. Stanton.
Is this about aubrey?
Aubrey?
My daughter?
I'm here on another matter.
I'm sorry, would
you like to come in?
[suspenseful ambient music]
You think elle was killed
By some of my
company's drug samples?
We don't have the
toxicology report yet,
But we found empty sample
boxes in her pocket
With your employee
id number on them.
I reported them missing.
Do you have any idea
how the deceased
Could have ended up with them?
I don't know.
You recently requested a
welfare check on your daughter.
Do you think your
daughter's troubles
Might be connected somehow?
No, I requested a welfare check
Because I'm concerned about
my daughter's roommates.
The body of southern
district university
Freshman elle mason was
discovered by campers
Deep in the woods last night.
We don't have an
official report,
But witnesses say
it appears the body
Has been there
for quite a while.
Aren't you worried
They're gonna trace
elle's text back to you?
Problem solved.
[knocking on door]
It's the police.
-Get rid of this.
-Okay.
Officer, how can I help you?
I'm looking for aubrey stanton.
I believe she's at work.
Is there something
I can do to help?
I'm here to do a
welfare check on her.
Her mother reported
there might be a problem
With her living situation.
What time do you
expect her back?
I don't know her schedule,
But if you want to come inside,
I can give you her phone number.
I'd appreciate that.
Aubrey's mom calls a lot.
If I'm being honest,
The whole thing makes
me uncomfortable,
How she tries to control her.
But as you can see, aubrey
has nothing to worry about.
The number matches
what her mom gave us.
That helps.
Thank you for your help.
We need to do something
about aubrey's mom.
[contemplative piano music]
Aubrey?
Mom, I can't.
It's not a good time, okay?
I'm working.
You have been crying.
Did they hurt you?
No, no, I found
out my friend died.
Elle?
Yeah, she's the one that
came to the house that day.
I know, I know.
You need to get out.
You need to get out
before they hurt you.
I can't, it's too
late, it's too late.
It is not too late.
No, it is.
They have videos and
they have pictures of me
Doing some really
bad stuff, okay?
Stop.
Mom, you can lose your job.
I don't care.
You are the only
daughter I have.
Mom, I took the samples.
I know.
I'm scared.
I think I killed her.
I have to go get my stuff.
No, no, no, you are
not going back there.
Everything's there,
I've been living there.
I will take you then.
[suspenseful ambient music]
Let me come in with you.
I'd feel safer.
What? No.
If they see you, mom,
they're gonna know.
[sighing] I don't like this.
Me neither, but I can do it.
All right.
Okay.
Hurry.
Oh, and if you see anybody,
just text me, okay?
[aubrey screaming]
[suspenseful ambient music]
[tires squealing]
What are you doing?
You already branded me.
It's come to my attention
that you were initiated
Without completing
your initiation task.
Who told you that?
Zach?
Carter, he ghosted you.
Why are you believing
anything he says?
Please, just let me go.
What are you doing here?
You know we have unfinished
business to take care of.
What?
[dispatcher] don't worry, ma'am.
Help is on the way.
Please, please hurry.
She's in danger.
Carter?
Stop resisting, just
stop, just stop.
It's not helping.
Carter, carter please?
Go, go!
-I'm gonna take care of this.
-Carter, don't go.
Don't go, carter,
please don't go.
Don't go, carter.
Carter, please don't
leave me with him, okay?
No, no, you don't
have to do this.
Please stop.
I've been thinking about this
Ever since you
tied me to my bed.
You will not get away with this.
No, that's where you're wrong.
I've studied all of
the great leaders.
[susp[people grunting]usic]
You won't get away with this.
I know you brainwashed
my daughter.
Shut up!
I thought the police
would've had you by now
For elle's murder.
You should be out of my way.
-[brick thudding]
-[carter groaning]
I am gonna train you to love me.
[aubrey] you're sick!
Let her go.
Mom? Mom?
Mom, he's crazy!
[punch thudding]
Mom!
Where were we?
[suspenseful orchestral music]
-Come on.
-No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no!
-[thudding]
-[attacker grunting]
[siren blaring]
[police radio chatter]
I know you all look at me
And think that
what happened to me
Would never happen to you.
And I hope that's true
'cause that's what I
would've thought too.
I was a college
freshman, vulnerable,
And just trying to fit
in and make friends.
But in that vulnerability,
Slowly, I started
giving these friends
More and more power over me.
They damaged every
relationship that I had
Other than the kinship
And they made me feel
powerless against them.
My friend, elle,
she saw through it.
She stood up to them and
she tried to warn me,
But I didn't listen.
Luckily, my mom did.
If you take anything
away from this speech,
I hope you know that no one
should have power over your life
And your decisions but you.
And trust your loved ones
If they tell you that
something isn't right
Because they always have
your best interest in mind.
I want to thank you all
for having me today.
The university
thought that my speech
And my story could
help one of you.
Today, I've realized
that in telling my story,
I've actually gotten to
take some of that power back
That I lost.
Thank you.
[audience applauding]
I'm so proud of you.
Thanks.
I really could not have
done it without you guys.
Let's go get some food.
My treat.
We actually have a few
things to celebrate.
What's that?
Your promotion to director.
And?
And I think I'm gonna accept
the university scholarship
And stay at southern.
Did you know this?
Nuh-uh.
I'm just surprised.
Yeah, I know.
Me too honestly.
I don't know, it
just feels right.
Okay, I'm gonna go get
my backpack and we'll go.
-Why didn't you tell me?
-I had no idea.
I heard your talk.
I listened from the hall
'cause I wasn't sure
you wanted to see me.
I'm really sorry
About everything that
you went through.
I wish I understood
and helped.
You don't have to
apologize, luke.
I'm the one who
should be apologizing.
Everything that
happened that night,
It was all a part
of the manipulation.
I know now.
And I should have
realized that wasn't you.
Well, I have been
thinking about texting you
So many times.
I just wasn't sure if
you wanted to see me.
Maybe we could meet for coffee?
I think I have a better idea.
We're gonna go to dinner.
If you wanted to join us,
I'd really like for
you to meet my mom.
I'd like that.
Me too.
So, would you consider
this our second first date?
Or our first third date?
-[soft optimistic music]
-[people chattering]
[ominous ambient music]